1. What is Linux?
Linus Torvalds developed Linux, a Unix-like, free, open-source, and kernel operating system. Mainly it is designed for systems, servers, embedded devices, mobile devices, and mainframes and is also supported on major computer platforms such as ARM, x86, and SPARC.

2. Explain the basic features of the Linux OS.
Some basic features of Linux are:

Linux is free and easily available.
It is more secure than other operating systems because it uses security auditing and password authentication features.
Linux has its personal software repository.
It includes multiple languages throughout the world. Hence Linux supports different language keyboards.
It offers CLI and GUI to use different commands and applications such as Firefox, VLC, etc.
3. Name some Linux Distros
There are various Linux distros but the following are the most commonly used:

Ubuntu
Debian
CentOS
Fedora
RedHat
4. What are the major differences between Linux and Windows?
The following table will help in understanding the differences between Linux and Windows:

Comparison Factor

Linux

Windows

Free/Paid

It is a free and open-source OS.

It is not open-source and is free to use.

Security

Linux is highly secure.

Windows is less secure compared to Linux.

Path separator

As a path separator, it uses a forward slash.

Windows uses a backward slash between the directories.

Efficiency

Linux is more efficient than Windows.

Windows is less efficient.

Kernel type

It uses a monolithic kernel.

It uses a microkernel.

File system

Linux file systems are case-sensitive.

Its file system is case-insensitive.

5. Define the basic components of Linux.
Majorly there are five basic components of Linux:

Kernel: Linux kernel is a core part of the operating system that works as a bridge between hardware and software.
Shell: Shell is an interface between a kernel and a user.
GUI: Offers different way to interact with the system, known as the graphical user interface (GUI).
Application programs: It is designed to perform a bundle of tasks through a bundle of functions.
System Utilities: It is the software functions through which users manage the system.
6. Elaborate all the file permission in Linux.
There are three types of file permissions in Linux:

Read: Users open and read files with this permission.
Write: Users can open and modify the files.
Execute: Users can run the file.
7. What is the Linux Kernel? Is it legal to edit it?
It is known as a low-level software system. The Linux kernel tracks the resources and provides a user interface. This OS is released under GPL (General Public License). Hence every project is released under it. So, you can edit the Linux kernel legally.

8. Explain LILO
LILO, i.e., Linux Loader and is a Linux Boot loader. It loads the Linux operating system into memory and starts the execution. Most operating systems like Windows and macOS come with a bootloader. While in Linux, you need to install a separate boot loader, and LILO is one of the Linux boot loaders.

9. What is Shell in Linux?
In Linux, five Shells are used:

csh (C Shell): This shell offers job control and spell checking and is similar to C syntax.]
ksh (Korn Shell): A high-level shell for programming languages.
ssh (Z Shell): This shell has a unique nature, such as closing comments, startup files, file name generating, and observing logout/login watching.
bash (Bourne Again Shell): This is the default shell for Linux.
Fish (Friendly Interactive Shell): This shell provides auto-suggestion, web-based configuration, etc.
10. What is a root account?
The root is like the user’s name or system administrator account in Linux. The root account provides complete system control, which an ordinary user cannot do.